CareInstructions.md, before:

# Care Instructions for Theo Beekman
Boarding 4/16/2016 to 4/18/2016

## About Theo
Theo is a red-fawn make (neuter) greyhound, weighing about 80 lbs, born on Jan 8, 2010. He raced in Pima County AZ.

## Medications
Theo has separation anxiety (SA) as well as two heart conditions:
 - Tricuspid valve displasia (TVD)
   - TVD is a leaky tricuspid valve leading to a strong heart murmur and significant back flow, and,
   if untreated, eventual congestive heart failure.
 - Arrhythmia (Supraventricular tachycardia)
   - Fast, irregular heartbeat at times.

### All medications have been pre-loaded into a grandma-style weekly pill organizer
Please administer the morning pills after he eats breakfast. Wrap pills in roast beef (provided) to get him to eat them.
Please administer the evening pills after he eats dinner. If he refuses to eat a meal, after waiting a while it is
OK to give him his pills.

__*IMPORTANT:*__ Do not crush any pills or mix them in with damp food or liquids. One medication is a time release tablet.

#### Diltiazem extended release (Dilt XR) 60 mg tablets
All white cylindrical tablets. One tablet, twice daily. (120 mg total in a day) These are used to treat his Arrhythmia.

__*IMPORTANT:*__ accidental double-dosing may lead to death or other emergency medical situations.  Please make sure that this pill
(white cylindrical tablet) is only give once every 10 to 12 hours, preferably after he eats.

#### Benazepril 10 mg tablets
Bright orange tablets, white interior. One and a half tablets, twice daily. (30 mg total in a day) These treat his TVD and help prevent
congestive heart failure.

#### Fluoxetine 10 mg capsules
White and green capsules. Two capsules in the morning and one at night. If he misses a few doses of this it is not a problem.
This is to treat his separation anxiety (SA)

## Feeding
Theo should eat twice a day. Once in the morning around 8 or 9 AM and then once at 6:30 PM. He gets 2 cups of Dick van Patten's limited
ingredient diet venison and sweet potato kibble mixed with a scant 2 tablespoons of Olewo dehydrated carrots to firm his stool and aid
digestion. If he refuses one or two meals you can still give him his pills. He's picky and easily stressed out, which is why he may not
be enthusiastic about his food. Eventually he will get hungry and eat.

### Food prep instuctions
Please combine the contents of 1 zip lock back (2 cups kibble and 2 tbsp dehydrated carrots) with 1 cup warm water and let stand until
the carrots no longer look like pellets. Give it a stir and encourange him to eat.

Commit message:

Update care instructions for Annisquam stay

CareInstructions.md, after:

# :wolf: Care Instructions for Theo Beekman :dog2:
Annisquam 7/4 -- 7/12

## Executive summary:
**FOOD**: Theo gets 3 scoops of Dick Van Patten's L.I.D. dogfood, twice a day. To prepare his food add two tablespoons of [Olewo Carrots] to 1 cup water and microwave for 1 minute. Let stand until mushy and combine with food.

**MEDICATIONS**: His pills have been pre-sorted and put into the old-grandma style pill box. He gets pills twice a day, once in the morning, and once after dinner. You can give him his pills wrapped in roast beef :cow: with or without food. For the first week, the morning pill is labeled `<day of the week> morning`, and the evening pill is labeled `<day of the week> evening`. After the first week, once these have run out, in the morning he will get pills from the bin labeled `<day of the week> noon` and at night he will get pills from the bin labeled `<day of the week> bed`

## :sparkles: About Theo :sparkles:
Theo is a red-fawn make (neuter) greyhound, weighing about 80 lbs, born on Jan 8, 2010. He raced in Pima County AZ. He's a genius (kinda) a gentleman about town and a lovey dovey. :heart:

## :pill: Medications :pill:
Theo has separation anxiety (SA) as well as two heart conditions:
 - Tricuspid valve displasia (TVD)
   - TVD is a leaky tricuspid valve leading to a strong heart murmur and significant back flow, and,
   if untreated, eventual congestive heart failure. :broken_heart:
 - Arrhythmia (Supraventricular tachycardia)
   - Fast, irregular heartbeat at times. :zap:

### All medications have been pre-loaded into a grandma-style weekly pill organizer :bento:
Please administer the morning pills after he eats breakfast. Wrap pills in roast beef to get him to eat them.
Please administer the evening pills after he eats dinner. If he refuses to eat a meal, after waiting a while it is
OK to give him his pills.

__*IMPORTANT:*__ Do not crush any pills or mix them in with damp food or liquids. One medication is a time release tablet.

#### Diltiazem extended release (Dilt XR) 60 mg tablets
All white cylindrical tablets. One tablet, twice daily. (120 mg total in a day) These are used to treat his Arrhythmia.

__*IMPORTANT:*__ accidental double-dosing may lead to an emergency medical situation.  Please make sure that this pill
(white cylindrical tablet) is only give once every 8 to 12 hours, preferably after he eats.

#### Benazepril 10 mg tablets
Bright white, rounder tablets, white interior. One and a half tablets, twice daily. (30 mg total in a day) These treat his TVD and help prevent congestive heart failure.

#### Fluoxetine 10 mg capsules
White and green capsules. Two capsules in the morning and one at night. If he misses a few doses of this it is not a problem.
This is to treat his separation anxiety (SA)

## Feeding
Theo should eat twice a day. Once in the morning around 8 or 10 AM and then once at 6:30 PM. He gets 2 cups of Dick van Patten's
limited ingredient diet venison and sweet potato kibble mixed with a scant 2 tablespoons of rehydrated Olewo dehydrated carrots to firm
his stool and aid digestion. If he refuses one or two meals you can still give him his pills. He's picky and easily stressed out, which
is why he may not be enthusiastic about his food. Eventually he will get hungry and eat.

### Food prep instuctions
Please combine the contents of 1 zip lock back (2 cups kibble and 2 tbsp dehydrated carrots) with 1 cup warm water and let stand until
the carrots no longer look like pellets. Give it a stir and encourange him to eat.
